fix(operatingsystems-windows-centreon-monitoring-agent): fixed CRITICALSTATUS macro default value CTOR-2417 (#5462)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs-pp/current/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/operatingsystems-windows-centreon-monitoring-agent.md

|:---------------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------|:-----------:|
| PROCESS        | Name of the executable                                           |                                       |      X      |
| WARNINGSTATUS  | Filter to apply on processes to identify those in WARNING state  | `status != 'started'`                 |             |
| CRITICALSTATUS | Filter to apply on processes to identify those in CRITICAL state |                                       |             |
| WARNINGRULES   | Condition to match for the overall status to be WARNING          | `warn_count > 0`                      |             |

> | CRITICALRULES  | Condition to match for the overall status to be CRITICAL         | `crit_count > 0`                      |             |

Author: ```suggestion
| CRITICALRULES  | Condition to match for the overall status to be CRITICAL         | `ok_count <1                      |             |
```
